[FEATURE] csp: Add server documentation (#235)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/Server.md

## Certificates for HTTPS or HTTP/2
When using the UI5 Server with the UI5 CLI, SSL certificates for HTTPS and HTTP/2 configurations can automatically be generated.

**Hint:** If Chrome unintentionally redirects an HTTP-URL to HTTPS, you need to delete the HSTS mapping in [chrome://net-internals/#hsts](chrome://net-internals/#hsts) by entering the domain name (e.g. localhost) and pressing "delete".

## CSP Reporting

> The support of a content security policy ([CSP](https://www.w3.org/TR/CSP/)) is active by default.

Author: done

The header `content-security-policy` can be set by adding URL parameter `sap-ui-xx-csp-policy` to the request with the policy name as value.

> To set the policy to report-only append `:report-only` or `:ro` to the policy name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the policy to report-only, append `:report-only` or `:ro` to the policy name.
```

Author: done

E.g. `/index.html?sap-ui-xx-csp-policy=sap-target-level-1:report-only`

> 

Reviewer: Please use just one new line between paragraphs like above

Author: done

### SAP target CSP

> The CSP policies can be modified using parameter `sendSAPTargetCSP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default CSP policies can be modified using parameter `sendSAPTargetCSP` (`--sap-csp-policies` when using the CLI).
```

Author: done

> With `sendSAPTargetCSP` the policies `sap-target-level-1` and `sap-target-level-2` policies are activated and send as report-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `sendSAPTargetCSP` set to `true` the policies `sap-target-level-1` and `sap-target-level-2` policies are activated and send as report-only.
```

Author: done

### Serve CSP Reports

> Serving of CSP reports can be activated with parameter `serveCSPReports`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serving of CSP reports can be activated with parameter `serveCSPReports` (`--serve-csp-reports` when using the CLI).
```

Author: done

> With `serveCSPReports` the csp reports are collected and can be downloaded using the request path `/.ui5/csp/csp-reports.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `serveCSPReports` set to `true`, the CSP reports are collected and can be downloaded from the server path `/.ui5/csp/csp-reports.json`.
```

Author: done
